Add multiclass (#205)
ASUS-AICS/LibMultiLabel: README.md

# LibMultiLabel — a Library for Multi-label Text Classification

> LibMultiLabel is a library for multi-label text classification and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LibMultiLabel is a library for binary, multi-class, and multi-label classification. It has the following functionalities
```

> a simple command line tool with the following functionalities

Reviewer: remove this line
